v2.0.0 (#60)
plasmo-corp/bpp: README.md

**NOTE**: You should only specify the browser you wish to publish to. If there are any invalid configuration, the action will fail! I.e, no empty key allowed such as `"chrome": {}`.

Copy the content of your `keys.json` into a github secret with a name of your choosing, in this case we used `BPP_KEYS`. Then, the action can be used as follows:

```yaml
steps:
  - name: Browser Plugin Publish
    uses: plasmo-corp/bpp@v2
    with:
      keys: ${{ secrets.BPP_KEYS }}
```

> **NOTE**: If you're publishing to the Opera store, you will need to setup chromium for puppeteer before running `bpp`. In v3, we will hopefully deprecate puppeteer approach altogether (since it's quite a leaky abstraction), or have an option for bpp to download and setup the browser for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: If you're publishing to the Opera store, you will need to set up Chromium for puppeteer before running `bpp`. In v3, we will hopefully deprecate the Puppeteer approach altogether (since it's quite a leaky abstraction), or have an option for BPP to download and set up the browser for you.
```

```yaml
steps:
  - name: Browser Plugin Publish
    uses: plasmo-corp/bpp@v2
    with:
      artifact: build/artifact.zip
      keys: ${{ secrets.BPP_KEYS }}
```

> This works if you're targeting a group of browsers that share similar format, such as chrome and edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works if you're targeting a group of browsers that share a similar format, such as Chrome or Edge.
```
